Fix and Improve Core Chat App Features (Calls, Notifications, Avatars)

This app already has an integrated calling system, but several issues need to be fixed and improved. Below is a full breakdown of the problems and tasks required to make everything function smoothly and professionally.

🧩 1. Calling Functionality (WebRTC Integration Issue)

The call features (voice & video) are implemented but not working properly.
When attempting to start a call, the following errors occur:

Unchecked runtime.lastError: The message port closed before a response was received.
use-call-manager.ts:139 Error starting call:
TypeError: Failed to execute 'fetch' on 'Window': '/api/calls/start' is not a valid HTTP method.

✅ Tasks:

Investigate why '/api/calls/start' is being used as an invalid HTTP method — it likely needs a valid POST or GET method.

Fix the call initialization logic in use-call-manager.ts and chat.tsx so that:

Voice and video calls can start successfully.

WebRTC connections establish properly between users.

Ensure all call buttons in the chat interface function correctly.

Confirm the call initiation UI works seamlessly from chat.

Run end-to-end tests by placing real calls between two users to verify stable connections.

🔔 2. Notification System (Sync and Behavior Issues)

The current notification system has multiple issues:

Clicking a notification does not navigate to the correct page or corresponding content.

Notifications are not synchronized across the entire app — header, sidebar, and main notification center don’t update in real time.

When a notification is opened/read, the notification count badge should decrease or disappear, but it does not update properly.

✅ Tasks:

Fix notification click handling to ensure it opens the correct linked page.

Make notifications update globally — when one is read, reflect that in the header, sidebar, and anywhere else showing notification counts.

Ensure smooth badge animation/removal once notifications are marked as seen.

Test across the full app for consistency and live updates.

🧍‍♂️ 3. Chat Avatar Display Bug

In the chat interface, the user avatar but in the chat m,asseges not the menue of users  currently shows the first letter of the user’s name instead of the profile picture.
However, when inspecting the element in dev tools, the correct image appears temporarily — indicating a rendering or hydration issue.

✅ Tasks:

Completely rebuild the avatar display logic.

Ensure the profile picture is always visible in chat messages, replacing the initial letter.

Fix any caching, reactivity, or conditional-render issues causing the avatar to disappear when dev tools are closed.

Test with different users and chat threads to confirm the issue is fully resolved.

🧭 4. Navigation Integration

Add navigation from the main menu to the Call History page.

Ensure users can access call logs or missed calls easily from within the app.

🎯 Goal

Make the app’s calling, notification, and chat avatar systems behave at the level of major platforms like WhatsApp or Messenger — fully reliable, visually consistent, and synced across all areas of the interface.